[Area 1] Connect Area 1 with Office 365 API using Microsoft Graph API (#7558)
cloudflare/cloudflare-docs: content/email-security/deployment/api/setup/office365-graph-api.md

---
title: Office 365 Graph API setup
pcx_content_type: tutorial
weight: 4
meta:

>     Description: Learn how to scan and protect Office 365 emails with Area 1 via a Microsoft Graph API set up.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Description: Learn how to scan and protect Office 365 emails with Area 1 via a Microsoft Graph API setup.
```
